# Song 1



# bpm y cuenta

use_bpm 80

synth :dull_bell
sample :drum_cowbell
sleep 1

synth :dull_bell
sample :drum_cowbell
sleep 1


# Intro

3.times do
  sample :drum_bass_hard
  sample :ambi_glass_hum, finish: 0.3, decay: 0.5
  sleep 1
  
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sleep 1
  
  sample :drum_bass_hard
  sleep 1
  
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sleep 1
end

sample :drum_bass_hard
sample :ambi_glass_hum, finish: 0.3, decay: 0.5
sleep 1

sample :drum_cymbal_closed
sleep 1

sample :drum_bass_hard
sleep 1

sample :drum_cymbal_closed
sleep 0.5
sample :drum_tom_mid_soft
sleep 0.125
sample :drum_tom_hi_soft
sleep 0.125
sample :drum_tom_lo_soft
sleep 0.25

3.times do
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sample :drum_bass_hard
  sleep 0.5
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sleep 0.25
  sample :drum_snare_soft
  sleep 0.25
  
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sample :drum_bass_hard
  sleep 0.5
  sample :drum_snare_soft
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sleep 0.5
end

sample :drum_cymbal_closed
sample :drum_bass_hard
sleep 0.25
sample :drum_bass_hard
sleep 0.25
sample :drum_cymbal_closed
sleep 0.5

sample :drum_tom_lo_hard
sample :drum_tom_hi_hard
sleep 0.25
sample :drum_tom_hi_soft
sample :drum_tom_lo_soft
sleep 0.125
sample :drum_tom_mid_soft
sample :drum_bass_hard
sleep 0.125
sample :drum_tom_lo_hard
sample :drum_tom_hi_hard
sample :drum_tom_hi_soft
sample :drum_tom_lo_soft
sleep 0.125
sample :drum_tom_mid_soft
sample :drum_bass_hard
sleep 0.125
sample :drum_tom_lo_hard
sample :drum_tom_hi_hard
sample :drum_tom_hi_soft
sample :drum_tom_lo_soft
sleep 0.125
sample :drum_tom_mid_soft
sample :drum_bass_hard
sleep 0.125

4.times do
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sample :drum_bass_hard
  sleep 0.5
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sleep 0.25
  sample :drum_snare_soft
  sleep 0.25
  
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sample :drum_bass_hard
  sleep 0.5
  sample :drum_snare_soft
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sleep 0.5
end



# Estrofa 1

8.times do
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sample :drum_bass_hard
  sleep 0.5
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sleep 0.25
  sample :sn_dub
  sleep 0.25
  
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sample :drum_bass_hard
  sleep 0.5
  sample :sn_dub
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sleep 0.5
end



# Estrofa 2

8.times do
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sample :drum_bass_hard
  sleep 0.5
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sleep 0.25
  sample :sn_dub
  sleep 0.25
  
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sample :drum_bass_hard
  sleep 0.5
  sample :sn_dub
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sleep 0.5
end

# Puente

2.times do
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sample :bd_haus
  sleep 0.5
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sleep 0.5
  
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sample :bd_haus
  sleep 0.5
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sleep 0.5
end

sample :drum_cymbal_closed
sample :drum_bass_hard
sleep 0.5
sample :drum_cymbal_closed
sleep 0.25
sample :drum_snare_soft
sleep 0.25

sample :drum_cymbal_closed
sleep 0.5
sample :drum_cymbal_closed
sample :drum_snare_soft
sleep 0.5

sample :drum_tom_lo_hard
sleep 0.75
sample :drum_tom_mid_soft
sleep 0.25

sample :drum_tom_hi_hard
sample :drum_bass_hard
sleep 0.25
sample :drum_tom_hi_hard
sleep 0.25
sample :drum_tom_mid_hard
sleep 0.5


# Coro

3.times do
  sample :drum_cowbell
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sample :drum_heavy_kick
  sleep 0.5
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sleep 0.25
  sample :drum_snare_hard
  sleep 0.25
  
  sample :drum_cowbell
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sample :drum_bass_hard
  sleep 0.5
  sample :drum_snare_hard
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sleep 0.5
  
  sample :drum_cowbell
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sample :drum_bass_hard
  sleep 0.5
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sleep 0.25
  sample :drum_snare_hard
  sleep 0.25
  
  sample :drum_cowbell
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sample :drum_bass_hard
  sleep 0.5
  sample :drum_snare_hard
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sleep 0.25
  sample :drum_snare_hard
  sleep 0.25
end


sample :drum_cymbal_closed
sample :drum_bass_hard
sleep 0.5
sample :drum_cymbal_closed
sleep 0.25
sample :drum_snare_soft
sleep 0.25

sample :drum_cymbal_closed
sleep 0.5
sample :drum_cymbal_closed
sample :drum_snare_soft
sleep 0.5

sample :drum_tom_lo_hard
sleep 0.75
sample :drum_tom_mid_soft
sleep 0.25

sample :drum_tom_hi_hard
sample :drum_bass_hard
sleep 0.25
sample :drum_tom_hi_hard
sleep 0.25
sample :drum_tom_mid_hard
sleep 0.5


# Estrofa

8.times do
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sample :drum_bass_hard
  sleep 0.5
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sleep 0.25
  sample :drum_snare_soft
  sleep 0.25
  
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sample :drum_bass_hard
  sleep 0.5
  sample :drum_snare_soft
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sleep 0.5
end


# Rap

8.times do
  sample :drum_bass_soft
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sample :ambi_drone, finish: 0.5
  sleep 0.25
  sample :drum_bass_soft
  sleep 0.75
  
end

# Puente 2

4.times do
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sample :drum_bass_hard
  sleep 0.25
  sample :drum_bass_hard
  sleep 0.25
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sleep 0.5
  
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sample :drum_bass_hard
  sleep 0.25
  sample :drum_bass_hard
  sleep 0.25
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sleep 0.5
end

# Coro

8.times do
  sample :drum_cowbell
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sample :drum_bass_hard
  sleep 0.5
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sleep 0.25
  sample :drum_snare_soft
  sleep 0.25
  
  sample :drum_cowbell
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sample :drum_bass_hard
  sleep 0.5
  sample :drum_snare_soft
  sample :drum_cymbal_closed
  sleep 0.5
end

# Final

sample :drum_bass_hard
sample :drum_cymbal_open
sleep 1

sample :drum_bass_hard
sample :drum_cymbal_open
sleep 0.25
sample :drum_tom_hi_hard
sleep 0.125
sample :drum_tom_lo_hard
sleep 0.125
sample :drum_bass_hard
sample :drum_splash_soft
sleep 0.5

sample :drum_bass_hard
sample :drum_splash_hard
sleep 0.75
sample :drum_snare_soft
sleep 0.25
sample :drum_heavy_kick
sample :drum_splash_hard

